add 3.8.0 release notes and bump up version (#426)
medic/cht-conf: release-notes.md

# Release Notes

## 3.8.0

### Ability to edit a contact type

> It is now possible to edit a contact type. There is a new flag `--updateOfflineDocs` that can be passed to the `edit-contacts` action which updates docs in the directory provided in `--docDirectoryPath` instead of downloading the docs from the database.

Reviewer: Please mention which action can be used to edit contact types. 
```suggestion
It is now possible to edit a contact type with the `edit-contacts` action. Additionally, `edit-contacts` accepts a new flag `--updateOfflineDocs`, that allows editing json docs that already exist in the directory provided in `--docDirectoryPath` instead of downloading the docs from the database.
```
